

1. "The best programs are written so that computing machines can perform them quickly and so that human beings can understand them clearly." - Donald Knuth

2. "Programming is not about typing, it's about thinking." - Rich Hickey

3. "Any fool can write code that a computer can understand. Good programmers write code that humans can understand." - Martin Fowler

4. "Sometimes it pays to stay in bed on Monday, rather than spending the rest of the week debugging Monday's code." - Dan Salomon

5. "First, solve the problem. Then, write the code." - John Johnson

6. "Code is like humor. When you have to explain it, it's bad." - Cory House

7. "Debugging is twice as hard as writing the code in the first place. Therefore, if you write the code as cleverly as possible, you are, by definition, not smart enough to debug it." - Brian Kernighan

8. "Every great developer you know got there by solving problems they were unqualified to solve until they actually did it." - Patrick McKenzie

9. "The most damaging phrase in the language is 'We've always done it this way.'" - Grace Hopper

10. "The best way to predict the future is to implement it." - David Heinemeier Hansson

11. "The function of good software is to make the complex appear to be simple." - Grady Booch

12. "Make it work, make it right, make it fast." - Kent Beck

13. "Programs must be written for people to read, and only incidentally for machines to execute." - Harold Abelson

14. "It's not a bug – it's an undocumented feature." - Anonymous

15. "Walking on water and developing software from a specification are easy if both are frozen." - Edward V. Berard

16. "Talk is cheap. Show me the code." - Linus Torvalds

17. "Software is like entropy: It is difficult to grasp, weighs nothing, and obeys the Second Law of Thermodynamics; i.e., it always increases." - Norman Augustine

18. "There are two ways to write error-free programs; only the third one works." - Alan J. Perlis

19. "Before software can be reusable it first has to be usable." - Ralph Johnson

20. "The best thing about a boolean is even if you are wrong, you are only off by a bit." - Anonymous

